materials/fa16/README.md, before:


Lecture schedule and corresponding materials are at http://data8.org/fa16/.

Homework, labs, and projects were designed within Jupyter Notebook. To open on a
Mac or Unix (after Jupyter Notebook is installed), navigate to the directory via
the command prompt. Type <code>jupyter notebook</code>, which will open a tab
in your web browser. Click on <code> filename.ipynb </code>, which will open
another tab with that content. Code can be executed within a cell by moving the
cursor to that cell, then clicking on the play icon at the top.

Data 8 Public Materials
=======

[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](http://mybinder.org/repo/data-8/data8assets)

This repo contains the publicly available materials that are used in the Data 8
Foundations of Data Science course.

This includes: homeworks, labs, and notebooks used in lecture.

The contents of this repository are licensed for reuse under [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

Commit message:

adding html, py, and pdfs

materials/fa16/README.md, after:


Lecture schedule and corresponding materials are at http://data8.org/fa16/.

Homework, labs, and projects were designed within Jupyter Notebook. To open an
assignment (after Jupyter Notebook is installed), navigate to the directory via
the command prompt. Type <code>jupyter notebook</code>, which will open a tab
in your web browser. Click on <code> filename.ipynb </code>, which will open
another tab with that content. Code can be executed within a cell by moving the
cursor to that cell, then clicking on the play icon at the top.

If you do not have Jupyter notebook, you can implement everything within a Python IDE.
A pdf file has been created for each assignment. In the <code> hw </code> and
<code> lab </code> directories, there is a pdf of each assignment contained both
within each corresponding folder (e.g. <code> lab01 </code> and within the
<code> pdfs </code> directory.

Data 8 Public Materials
=======

[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](http://mybinder.org/repo/data-8/data8assets)

This repo contains the publicly available materials that are used in the Data 8
Foundations of Data Science course.

This includes: homeworks, labs, and notebooks used in lecture.

The contents of this repository are licensed for reuse under [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)
